He was a witch. Caravaggio.
Did you know that?
Have you found anything?
We have to talk about Jessica.
That business
with the pirate disturbed you.
It disturbed me too.
Of course it did.
But Jessica has recognized
what others have not.
Which is?
That we're fighting for our lives, Ceelia.
That the rules have changed
and we're running out of time.
Running out of time for what?
To stop the chaos.
There was a fight
in a bar last night.
Kieran picked up the trail of Nathan
and the Blood Witch.
We're pretty certain
that Annalise is still with them.
Let's go.
♪ I don't wanna be here ♪
♪ You've been... with me, boy ♪
♪ Why'd you bring me here?
Giving me bad dreams ♪
♪ Can't scream, bad dream ♪
Right.
Why are we stopping here?
Annalise. Map.
Okay.
These are the Witch territories.
Right now, we are on the border
of the Free State of Paris
and the Dupont region.
Dupont is Fairborn.
Fairborn-owned.
Fairborn-controlled. Fairborn-guarded.
Over here is Ozanne territory.
Ozannes are Bloods.
Very hostile to outsiders.
Loyal to Marcus?
Loyal to themselves, mostly.
But there is a river, a day or so's walk,
and we can follow it to Mercury.
What if the Ozannes catch us
sneaking through their territory?
They'll kill us, won't they?
Look, let's just go into this
with a positive mental attitude, shall we?
That's a yes.
♪ Chop it like a pickpocket ♪
♪ You had the mic, now you can't drop it ♪
♪ Dumb, dumb, dummy, once nobody ♪
♪ I'm coming, I'm coming
I'm coming, sit down ♪
♪ I don't know what really, really happens
At the end of the road... ♪
Here. I got you.
Thanks.
♪ I don't know what really, really happens
At the end of the road ♪
♪ Smoking and watching this ♪
♪ But my trip is mad ♪
♪ I ain't finished... ♪
Want me
to have a look at the map?
Mm, it's okay.
Shall we sing a song?
Sing it in your head.
I feel like
I could actually lead the way quite well.
How much longer
are we gonna be walking for?
Yeah, how much longer?
I don't know, guys.
I'm not a GPS. Come on.
Are we there yet?
I don't know.
♪ Whatcha, whatcha think of me? ♪
Agh! Hate the countryside.
I like it.
Oh, yeah, of course you like it.
You're a country pumpkin.
It's country bumpkin, idiot.
What's a bumpkin?
I don't know what a bumpkin is.
I'm just saying that's the phrase.
Yeah, fine, you're a bumpkin.
Good for you, huh?
Didn't you used
to go on romantic country walks
with your boyfriend?
No.
Was he a Blood or Fairborn?
He was a fain.
Yeah, how did that work?
We are all the same
under our clothes, darling.
So, what?
You've never been with a fain girl?
Hmm. No.
But you've been with a Fairborn?
Ha!
What about you? Are you a virgin too?
None of your business.
Whoo! That's a no.
The creepy Pagan shit
hanging in the trees...
Is that a good sign, do we think?
Okay.
Shit.
What happened?
Fairborn raid.
The Dupont, probably.
Fairborns wouldn't do this.
Why do you think Bloods fled for Europe
in the first place?
'Cause they were asked nicely?
We should keep moving.
Yes, we should.
Come on.
What is it?
I thought I heard something.
I... I don't hear anything.
We have to move.
Trust me.
Gabriel, wait.
On your knees.
- We're just travelling through.
- Uninvited and unannounced.
People have died for less.
There are Fairborns on our lands now.
They killed our kin just yesterday.
We had nothing to do with that.
We're Bloods. All of us.
Allez, venez!
Bouge.
- What's happening?
- Just let me do the talking.
All right?
We found them
in the North Woods.
They say they're Bloods.
You try to pass through
without permission?
We're running from the Fairborn Council.
So you think to lead them here?
We were trying to get to the river.
Hoped to follow it east.
I told Mercury
if she sent her people through here again,
she would have to pay.
She doesn't know we're here.
This one turns 17 in five days.
He needs his blood.
What's your name?
They don't speak French.
Our rules are very clear.
You entered our lands
without announcing yourselves.
You must turn around and leave
the same way you entered.
If we turn back now,
we won't get to Mercury.
My name is Nathan Byrne.
My father is Marcus Edge.
He has his eyes.
Your father is a great man.
It's an honor
to have you in our home, Nathan.
We will guide you down the river,
but first, you must pay your way.
Okay, let me see what I have.
Max and Odette have their Giving Ceremony
tomorrow evening.
You'll attend as our guest.
Aww, that's a very sweet offer.
Um, unfortunately,
we really don't have time to waste,
so, um...
It's not a request.
I've heard so many things
about your father.
He is a warrior, just like mine.
I wonder which
of them has killed the most Fairborns.
- What a delightful thought.
- Your dad likes killing Fairborns?
Whenever he gets a chance.
There is lots to do.
You said our presence would be an honor.
You didn't say
we'd be moving the furniture.
His presence is an honor.
You... not so sure.
We're happy to help.
"I'm Nathan Byrne, son of Marcus Edge"?
Worked, didn't it?
Last group of Bloods
that found out tried to kill us.
Gabriel's a Blood Witch.
He hasn't tried to kill us.
No, he just tried
to swap me for a children's book.
- Oh, which I apologized for.
- If they find out I'm a Fairborn...
They'll only find out you're a Fairborn
if you don't stop bloody talking about it.
We'll stay.
They'll take us where we need to go.
Just keep your head down till then.
Christ!
Nice.
- Stick together, all right, guys?
- Uh-huh.
Come on. Get to work.
All right.
Come on.
Lift with your knees.
- You all right?
- Yeah, it's just heavy.
- Mate, take one.
- Hmm.
- No, my back. My back. Seriously.
- Take the bag.
Jesus, man.
Hi.
If I'd have known
he was chasing us,
I wouldn't have tried
so hard to get away, huh?
Oh, for...
Oh, what, you don't think he looks good?
Looks like he's on steroids.
Well, not your type then.
Well, no, obviously.
Obviously.
So, what is your type?
I don't know. I don't have a type.
So, you'll screw anyone.
That's not what I said.
Then you do have a type.
You just don't know what it is yet.
You think
about shagging all the time, don't you?
Ugh, "shagging."
Trust the British to come up with
the least sexy word for it.
What's wrong with "shagging"?
It sounds like
something you do to a carpet.
Yeah, what do the French call it?
Faire l'amour.
Fairly amore?
I... I can't even pronounce that.
Well, you just have to
get your tongue around it. That's all.
Hey, I don't think about it any more
than you. I'm just not as ashamed of it.
- I'm not ashamed.
- Oh, yeah, of what?
I don't know. Whatever the fuck it is
we're talking about right now.
- Whatever. Come on, let's carry on.
- Hmm. Hmm.
Don't you think
it's creepy here?
- It's just an old house.
- "Just an old house"?
In the middle of nowhere.
Full of witches.
We're perfectly safe.
You wouldn't live long
in a horror film.
When did you learn how to do that?
Oh, when I was being kept
in a cage by the Fairborn Council.
- Who was it?
- What?
That, you know,
that... that you slept with.
Oh.
- Um, well...
- Oh. I'm sorry. It's none of my business.
David.
- Hmm?
- David.
Kind of a...
What?
- No, I don't know. It's just...
- What?
No, it's...
...just a weird looking guy,
innit?
Weird?
Yeah.
Always looked a bit like... like
he'd been stung by a bee or something.
"Stung by a bee"?
Like he had an allergic reaction.
Like his face was weird.
Right.
I'm gonna go.
Yeah.
By the strength
of our roots...
May the blood blossom.
To the friends at our table.
And our enemies in the dark.
And the ones we love, who hunt them.
To the Blood.
- Do you dance?
- No.
I'll show you how.
You have your powers
before your Giving Ceremony?
Twins share blood.
Their abilities are heightened
even before they come of age.
Only one of us needs to drink blood
at the ceremony.
Yeah, you.
No. You'll do it. I'm older.
By two minutes.
Best two minutes of my life.
Have you heard them yet?
The heartbeats.
Your father could do it. So will you.
My father stole other witches' powers.
Stolen?
They never taught you what it means,
did they?
They told me it was barbaric.
When a witch dies,
their power dies with them.
So, those of us lucky enough
to have the gift
would take it and keep it inside of us
to one day hand it on to the next in line.
She holds hundreds of powers
handed down through generations
of Ozanne witches.
When she passes,
I will take of her blood and her heart.
And the powers will pass to me.
This way, we never lose our dead.
Not so barbaric, no?
My dad takes Fairborn powers
after he kills them.
He takes
what he believes he's owed.
How's it owed?
Marcus' mother was a heart eater.
Her powers would have gone to him one day.
The Fairborns killed her
and all the witches like her.
Burned their bodies.
Made sure their gifts
were never passed on.
They tell the world
that we are the devils.
But they don't want people to know
that they made us this way.
Hi, Lucy. What is it?
For me? Is that me?
Yes.
- Ahh.
- Yeah?
Amazing.
Here you go.
Where's the rest of it?
Sleep outside if it's too small.
So, who wants the middle?
So, you are a heart eater?
I guess so.
- Fucking hell!
- Aww.
Stop being such a baby. Come on.
Oh, Jesus Christ!
- What's up?
- We're good.
What are you gonna do
once you get us to Mercury?
Return to Paris and continue
my life of fabulous debauchery.
You should come and visit me
when this is over.
- You need to let your hair down.
- I can let my hair down.
Oh, yeah.
- I know how to have fun.
- Really?
Yeah, I'm fun.
- Okay.
- I am!
- No, no, I'll take your word for it.
- I'm a good time.
- People have told me this.
- Yeah, I bet they have. Yeah.
What time do you call this?
The others have been up for hours.
Darling, you're about
to discover a little concept
I like to call the brunch.
It's going to change your life.
You need to fill your stomach.
There's lots of work to do today.
I need someone to go to the henhouse
to get some chickens for the feast.
Oh, alas, my crippling
feather allergy prevents me.
We can go.
- How many do you need?
- Five.
- No problem.
- Thanks.
Maybe I should come.
We'll be fine.
- That's a lot of chickens.
- We're going to need them.
The others will be returning hungry
from hunting Fairborns.
Well, marvelous.
- Festivities begin at dusk?
- Yes.
If anyone needs me,
I shall be sunning myself by the river.
Don't go far.
It's them.
Let's go.
Kieran.
Kieran, you haven't spoken to me all day.
Yeah, I'm tracking,
and I need to concentrate.
Look, if there's something on your mind,
then you should say it.
The guy on the boat.
Yeah?
It's just...
just a bit much. You know?
It's what we were trained for.
Yeah.
Hey.
The sooner we get this done,
the sooner we can go home.
Have you ever
caught a chicken before?
Yeah.
Do you like chickens?
I've got stuff on me.
Don't get it on me, man.
Oi, it could be shit!
It could be chicken poo.
Can we get back to what we've gotta do?
- That one, you'll be able to get.
- Yeah.
- They're getting a bit tired now.
- Yeah, maybe that's a plan.
I think we need to round them up.
Mother-cluckers.
You like it here, don't you?
It's the first place I've been
where I feel like I fit in.
where I feel like
I don't.
Can you hear my heartbeat?
Always.
Always?
Yeah.
Can you feel it?
Good.
- It doesn't mean I'm...
- You don't have to say it.
I know who you are, Nathan.
I always have.
Oh! Ooh!
Are you okay?
Oh, yeah. I'm fine.
Fucking hell.
It's okay.
Don't say it's okay.
I could have...
Let's just go.
Aww, that's a sweet sight.
Just two young lovers
taking their dead birds for a walk.
- What's up with her?
- Nothing.
Faire l'amour, huh?
You got your tongue round it, I see.
- What do you care?
- I don't.
- Gonna need more chickens.
- Zale.
Who's that?
Fairborn scum.
Welcome.
How are you, sweetheart?
- Welcome home, Dad.
- Ah.
How did you catch him?
There were four of them.
Don't say anything.
Dupont territory?
Two of them split off
and made it over the border.
- And?
- We caught the other two.
What happened to the other one?
Put a gun in his mouth. Coward.
Who's this?
Tell him who you are.
I'm Nathan Edge.
The son of Marcus.
It's an honor.
We drink!
- To the Blood!
Dad.
They call themselves the Fairborns.
And us,
they call us barbarians.
But they're the ones coming onto our land,
burning our homes and killing our kin.
Tonight,
the Fairborn will be returned to the wild.
Let his magic be freed from his body.
Let his spirit have a chance to soar.
Whatever happens,
don't look away.
What the hell is going on?
No! No!
I beg you. No!
No! I beg of you! No!
Let his gift live on
in the blood of our children.
He is part of our future now.
What's the matter?
Have you never seen a Fairborn die before?
You asking
have I ever seen a man crushed to death
and have his heart eaten?
Yeah.
No, I haven't, actually.
We need to go.
Nathan. Nathan?
Nathan!
- Oh, my God!
- Nathan?
Are you okay?
What's going on?
How long
has he had these marks?
Four days.
Go to the storehouse.
Bring me some ash and arsenic.
Rum, if we have any.
Nathan.
A Witch's Bottle.
A what?
It's a parasite spell.
Made to steal a witch's power.
Nathan!
It requires two deaths.
From the bloodline of the witch
who casts it
and the witch you plan to use it on.
Nathan!
- And the ingredients?
- I couldn't find anything.
He's getting worse.
Oh, shit.
Who the hell are you?
My name is Ceelia Bennet
of the Fairborn Council.
I'm unarmed.
And I'm here for Nathan and Annalise.
You want Nathan?
Here he is.
Annalise,
you need to come with me.
Soul is waiting.
No, he did this!
Tell him I...
Tell him I never wanna see him again.
Tell us why
we should not kill you on the spot.
Because I did not come here alone.
Because this house is surrounded.
If we cannot resolve this peacefully,
then it will be resolved through force.
You come into my home
and threaten my family?
I come into your home to warn your family.
Get out.
Get out!
Can't see anyone.
They'll be there.
They didn't go for it?
- Where's Soul?
- With Jessica.
I'll find Simone.
We're gonna need a healer.
No one fire on the barn
unless they fire on us.
All units ready your positions.
Okay.
You're a Fairborn, aren't you?
We should give them the girl.
She is one of them.
Clearly, she is not.
Yes, she is.
Quiet!
We focus.
We are Blood Witches!
Our powers are stronger.
Our will is stronger.
To the friends at our table,
our enemies in the dark
and the ones we love, who hunt them.
To the Blood!
- To the Blood!
- To the Blood.
Don't be afraid, little one, hmm?
I'm not, Daddy.
No!
Stop it!
Nathan! Nathan!
No! No!
Oh, my gosh!
Nathan! Nathan! Nathan.
Sylvie. The boat.
Odette, come.
Help me with the trap door. Quick!
No! Get down!
- No! No!
- No, no!
Got to go.
- Go, go!
- Take his legs. Go.
- Come on.
- Nathan. Come on.
- Keep going, okay?
- Nathan. Come on. Go.
Come on, let's go!
Okay, get the door!
Get the door.
This way to the boat.
Hurry. Move.
- Cease fire! My daughter's in there!
- Cease fire! Cease fire!
- We're here.
- Stop. Please.
Stop!
Stop right here.
It's just me.
We have to get him help.
If you care about him,
get him on a fucking boat.
Come on, let's go!
Nathan, move!
Annalise. Ugh!
Annalise?
Is Annalise...?
We're so close now.